>> Scott Moss: Serverless,
like what is that mean and
what is the difference between
Serverless and the framework severs.
So know when people say
the word serverless,
they're actually not talking
about the framework.
The framework does a really good job for
taking that name serverless, but most some
people say, I'm using a Serverless
architecture, they're probably not
talking about them using this framework
of servers that we're gonna be doing.
They're just saying, we have a functions
as a service architecture on Lambda, or
Azure, or Google.
That's normally what they're saying.
Now, yes,
that's what we're doing today too.
But we're also gonna be using
a framework called Serverless.
Good SCL for them, cuz that's a good name.
But basically,
the sweet thing about Serverless,
the framework, is that It's, you could
think of it as like a build system and
an environment around all the platforms
that have functions as a service, and
it kind of give us like a common API
to interact with those functions.
So it doesn't matter where we deploy to,
in fact, if we go to Serverless and
we click on docs, you can see they support
all these providers, AWS, Azure, Google,
OpenWhisk, Kubeless, Spotinst, and
Webtasks, and probably some other stuff.
So they pretty much support
everything with a single API,
which allows you to do some
pretty interesting things.
And you can, it helps you bundle,
package, go to CI, go to deployment,
all different types of things.
So that's why Serverless is great.
Without Serverless, Lambda's actually,
it's actually a lot easier now than
it used to be at the age of us,
updated some stuff, and
I'll show you what that looks like.
But it's still pretty difficult for
someone who doesn't have extensive
experience with some type of Cloud
platform to deploy these
types of functions.
But Serverless makes it like, stupid,
like If you can deploy to a CDN
hosting site like Netlify or anything,
then you can deploy a Lambda function,
like that's how simple
it is with Serverless.